Fixes #35006 - Remove runcible and conclude Pulp 2 removal (#10400)
Katello/katello: lib/katello/repository_types/README.md

> # Registering a new repository type

Reviewer: Should we update this file for pulp3 content type registration?

Author: yeah not a bad idea. I didn't realize it got deleted.

Full example:

```ruby
Katello::RepositoryTypeManager.register(::Katello::Repository::YUM_TYPE) do
  pulp3_service_class Katello::Pulp3::Repository::Yum
  pulp3_api_class Katello::Pulp3::Api::Yum
  pulp3_plugin 'rpm'
  prevent_unneeded_metadata_publish

  client_module_class PulpRpmClient
  api_class PulpRpmClient::ApiClient

>   remote_class PulpRpmClient::RpmRpmRemote

Author: That's Pulp 3 generated bindings for you :)

```
This declares the the repository type, specifying a type identifier (e.g. 'yum')

> ### Service class and friends

Reviewer 2: lol, cute

It would be nice for the "friends" to be fully documented too in the future, but not necessary to block on it.... maybe throw a card on the backlog to revisit?

Author: Yeah the generic content type framework would need a full-blown technical docs effort.

```ruby
  pulp3_service_class Katello::Pulp3::Repository::Yum
  pulp3_api_class Katello::Pulp3::Api::Yum
  pulp3_plugin 'rpm'
  ...
```

Identifies the service class that is used to interface with Pulp and includes methods for creating and updating the type of repository. Also notes the location of the main API class and the name of the corresponding Pulp plugin.

> There are a number of other classes that need to be defined, so follow the example above to ensure that the new type has

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are a number of other classes that need to be defined, so follow the "Full example" above to ensure that the new type has
```

Or even better, put that under a heading like `# Full Example` so we can link directly to it here

> all the neccessary information.

Reviewer 2: today I learned: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41513565/markdown-and-line-wrapping

:+1:

 
 ### Content Type
 
```ruby
  default_managed_content_type Katello::Rpm::CONTENT_TYPE
  content_type Katello::Rpm,
    :priority => 1,
    :pulp3_service_class => ::Katello::Pulp3::Rpm,
    :primary_content => true,
    :removable => true,
    :uploadable => true
```

> Firstly, default_managed_content_type sets the Rpm content type as the "default". The default managed type
> will be the type acted upon in places where it is not clear which content unit should be acted on. For example, during yum uploads,
> it will be assumed that the upload is of type Rpm unless otherwise specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `default_managed_content_type` method sets the Rpm content type as the default content type, which
the repository type will act upon when another content type is not explicitly declared. For example, a yum upload
will assume that the uploaded content is of Rpm type unless otherwise specified.
```

Trying to maintain the precision of what you have while improving the flow a bit, which is not easy. Feel free to disregard

Author: Yeah most of this is copy/pasted from the old readme that was accidentally deleted in an older commit.

> The content_type method defines a content type to be used by the repository.  The first argument is the Active Record model class representing the content type.  This should extend the `Katello::Concerns::PulpDatabaseUnit` class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `content_type` method defines a content type to be used by the repository.  The first argument is the Active Record model class representing the content type.  This should extend the `Katello::Concerns::PulpDatabaseUnit` class.
```

The second argument is an options hash that includes:
* priority - The ordering used when indexing or performing other operations (1 is highest, defaults to 99)

> * pulp3_service_class - The service class representing this content type in Pulp 3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* pulp3_service_class - The service class representing this content type
```

* primary_content - The indexing of this content type is recorded for display after syncing
* removable - Content units of this type can be deleted from a repository
* uploadable - Content units of this type can be uploaded to a repository

> * index - Whether or not this content units of the type should be indexed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* index - Content units of this type will be indexed
```

> * index_on_pulp3 - Deprecated, was previously used when Pulp 2 and Pulp 3 lived together

Reviewer 2: Should `index_on_pulp3` be removed as part of this PR, then? As of this review it is still used in `lib/katello/repository_types/yum.rb` and maybe some others (I didn't check)

Then we could also remove the reference to it here

prevent_unneeded_metadata_publish
```

> This option declares that this content type supports the CheckMatchingContent middleware where by repositories are not actually republished in pulp if no content changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option declares that this content type supports the CheckMatchingContent middleware, which removes the need to republish repositories in pulp when content was not changed.
```

Reviewer 2: (Though I do love me some archaic "whereby" usage)

> ### Generic content types

Reviewer 2: Huge :+1: for adding this section

For content types that are simple enough to support it, the "generic content type" framework can be used.
If no special models are required to support the new content type, the only information that needs to be added
about the type would be what exists in the repository type definition.

> The generic_content_type and generic_remote_option methods exist to define all other attributes that are needed to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `generic_content_type` and `generic_remote_option` methods exist to define all other attributes that are needed to
```
